[ABS-GCS] Add developing.md (#401)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/DEVELOPING.md

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.7_.

> Features in technical preview are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features in beta are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).
```

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.7_.

> Features in technical preview are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features in beta are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).
```

ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Amazon S3 connector](#configure-amazon-s3-connector)

## Google Cloud Storage Connector

The [Elastic Google Cloud Storage connector](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/sources/gcs.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

### Availability and prerequisites

> ⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **technical preview**_.

Reviewer 2: Documentation for S3, Network Drive, ABS, GCS and Generic Database should document these connector clients as available in Beta starting in 8.7.

### Connector Limitations

- As of now Lease data & Blob tier won’t be updated in the document as the timestamp of the blob is not getting updated. Issue can be found [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/289).
- Files with size greater than 10 MB won't be extracted.
- Permission are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to all the users having access to that Elastic Deployment.
- Filtering rules are not available in the present version. Currently, the filtering is controlled via ingest pipelines.

### E2E Tests

The end to end test is usually performed by developers after the functional and system testing is completed. The framework allows users to test the connector end to end. To perform e2e test for Azure Blob Storage connector, run the following make command:
```shell
$ make ftest NAME=abs
```

ℹ️ Users do not need to have a running Elasticsearch instance or an Azure Blob Storage source to run this test. The docker compose file manages the complete setup of the development environment, i.e. both the mock Elastic instance and mock Azure Blob Storage source using the docker image.

> ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Azure Blob Storage connector](#configure-azure-blob-storage-connector)

Reviewer 2: Link seems to be broken

ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Amazon S3 connector](#configure-amazon-s3-connector)

## Google Cloud Storage Connector

The [Elastic Google Cloud Storage connector](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/sources/google_cloud_storage.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.7_.
Features in technical preview are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

Elastic versions 8.6.0+ are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks. Your deployment must include the Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Enterprise Search services.

> The Google Cloud Storage service account must have atleast below mentioned scopes and roles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google Cloud Storage service account must have (at least) the following scopes and roles :
```

  - Security Admin
  - Storage Admin
  - Serviceusage.services.use
  - Project Billing Manager

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather Google Cloud Storage details](#gather-google-cloud-storage-details)
2. [Configure Google Cloud Storage connector](#configure-google-cloud-storage-connector)

#### Gather Google Cloud Storage details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your Google Cloud Storage:

- The Google Cloud Storage service account credentials json file.

#### Configure Google Cloud Storage connector

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `service_account_credentials`

> The service account credentials generated from the Google Cloud Storage.  Default value is [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/sources/google_cloud_storage.py#L100)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service account credentials generated from Google Cloud Storage.  Default value is [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/sources/google_cloud_storage.py#L100)
```

> The service account credentials generated from the Google Cloud Storage.  Default value is [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/sources/google_cloud_storage.py#L100)

Reviewer: Note: this URL is `404`ing

##### `retry_count`

> The number of retry attempts after failed call to Google Cloud Storage. Default value is `3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of retry attempts after failed call to Google Cloud Storage. Default value is `3`.
```

##### `enable_content_extraction`

Whether the connector should extract file content from Google Cloud Storage. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

#### Content extraction

The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/utils.py#L29).

### Connector Limitations

> - Files with size greater than 10 MB won't be extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files bigger than 10 MB won't be extracted.
```

> - Permission are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to all the users having access to that Elastic Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permission are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to **all users with access** to that Elastic Deployment.
```

- Filtering rules are not available in the present version. Currently, the filtering is controlled via ingest pipelines.

### E2E Tests

The end to end test is usually performed by developers after the functional and system testing is completed. The framework allows users to test the connector end to end. To perform e2e test for Google Cloud Storage connector, run the following make command:
```shell
$ make ftest NAME=google_cloud_storage
```

ℹ️ Users do not need to have a running Elasticsearch instance or an Google Cloud Storage source to run this test. The docker compose file manages the complete setup of the development environment, i.e. both the mock Elastic instance and mock Google Cloud Storage source using the docker image.

> ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Google Cloud Storage connector](#configure-google-cloud-storage-connector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [configure Google Cloud Storage connector](#configure-google-cloud-storage-connector).
```

## Azure Blob Storage Connector

The [Elastic Azure Blob Storage connector](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/sources/azure_blob_storage.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.7_.
Features in technical preview are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

Elastic versions 8.6.0+ are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks. Your deployment must include the Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Enterprise Search services.

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather Azure Blob Storage details](#gather-azure-blob-storage-details)
2. [Configure Azure Blob Storage connector](#configure-azure-blob-storage-connector)

#### Gather Azure Blob Storage details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your Azure Blob Storage:

> - The account name & account key of Azure Blob Storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The account name and account key for the Azure Blob Storage account.
```

> - The blob endpoint of Azure Blob Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The blob endpoint for Azure Blob Service.
```

#### Configure Azure Blob Storage connector

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `account_name`

> The account name of Azure Blob Storage account. Default value is `devstoreaccount1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The account name of Azure Blob Storage account. Default value is `devstoreaccount1`.
```

##### `account_key`

> The account key of Azure Blob Storage account. Default value is `Eby8vdM02xNOcqFlqUwJPLlmEtlCDXJ1OUzFT50uSRZ6IFsuFq2UVErCz4I6tq/K1SZFPTOtr/KBHBeksoGMGw==`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The account key of Azure Blob Storage account. Default value is `Eby8vdM02xNOcqFlqUwJPLlmEtlCDXJ1OUzFT50uSRZ6IFsuFq2UVErCz4I6tq/K1SZFPTOtr/KBHBeksoGMGw==`.
```

##### `blob_endpoint`

> The blob endpoint of Blob Service provided by Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `http://127.0.0.1:10000/devstoreaccount1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blob endpoint of Blob Service provided by Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `http://127.0.0.1:10000/devstoreaccount1`.
```

##### `retry_count`

> The number of retry attempts after failed call to Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of retry attempts after failed call to Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `3`.
```

##### `concurrent_downloads`

> The number of concurrent downloads for fetching content of Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `100`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of concurrent downloads for fetching content of Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `100`.
```

##### `enable_content_extraction`

Whether the connector should extract file content from Azure Blob Storage. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

#### Content extraction

The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/blob/main/connectors/utils.py#L29).

### Connector Limitations

> - As of now Lease data & Blob tier won’t be updated in the document as the timestamp of the blob is not getting updated. Issue can be found [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/289).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, Lease data and Blob tier won’t be updated in the document, because the blob timestamp is not updated. Issue can be found [here](https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/issues/289).
```

> - Files with size greater than 10 MB won't be extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files bigger than 10 MB won't be extracted.
```

> - Permission are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to all the users having access to that Elastic Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permission are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to **all users** with access to that Elastic Deployment.
```

> - Filtering rules are not available in the present version. Currently, the filtering is controlled via ingest pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filtering rules are not available in the present version. Currently filtering is controlled via ingest pipelines.
```
